README.md, before:

# Back2Books
This is a class project for the course CS 3773 Software Engineering in the term FALL 2023 at University of Texas at San Antonio (UTSA).

**Instructor:**<br />
Ali Dogru, Ph.D. (github_username) <br />

**Team Name:** <br />
Team 9: Operation B2B 

**Team Members:** <br />
Kip Roberts-Lemus ([kip-is-tired](https://github.com/kip-is-tired)) (Product Owner) <br />
Bernardo Vazquez De La Cruz ([Ber-Vazq](https://github.com/Ber-Vazq)) (Scrum Master) <br />
Andrea Mendez ([andreasroses](https://github.com/andreasroses))<br />
Daniel Hwang ([nielmin](https://github.com/nielmin)) <br />
Joe Louie Corporal ([joelouie222](https://github.com/joelouie222)) <br />

### Description <br />
Back 2 Books is an retro/Y2K-style online shopping site that enables users to buy or sell books.
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum

### Project Features
* Database driven
* Create/Modify User Information
    - Allow users to register for accounts
* Create/Modify Items for Sale
    - Must include images
    - Must include price
    - Must include quantity available
    - Must allow ability to add new items
* Create/Modify Shopping Cart
    - Must show items in cart
    - Must calculate taxes: assume 8.25% tax rate
    - Must allow for discount codes
    - Must show summary of order and allow for order to be placed
* Ability to search based on criteria:
    - Item/Description
    - Sort by Price
    - Sort by Availability
* Administrative back end
    - Allow to modify all items
    - Allow for creation of discount codes
    - Allow for creation of sales items
    - Allow to modify users
    - Show currently placed orders
    - Show history of orders
        1. Sort by order date
        2. Sort by customer
        3. Sort by order size in dollar amount
* Intuitive UI/UX
* A web application (bonus)

#### Development tools:
- [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/)
- [GitHub](https://github.com/)
- Dev Tool
- Dev Tool

#### Design tools:
- [Lucid](https://lucid.app/)
- [Figma](https://www.figma.com/)
- Design Tool
  
#### Project Management tools
- [Trello](https://trello.com/)
- Proj Tools
- Proj Tools


### [Links or Images for Back2Books UML Design]
[Lucid Chart UML Design](https://lucid.app/lucidchart/invitations/accept/inv_5f1aa998-0f6d-45c3-b788-fbce3e6d0cd3)

### [Links or Images for Back2Books Website Wireframe]
[Google Drive - Wireframe](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1vGtIzw8nxCOGdjlfECfqK5tEcCy9Dy1C) </br>
[Figma Wireframe](https://www.figma.com/file/3CZV9JxNnTz4GMnEIf0u3d/Back2Books-Wireframe?type=design&node-id=0%3A1&mode=design&t=ZYBhj8Wr3YwOL20S-1)

Commit message:

updating the description of project in the README

README.md, after:

# Back2Books
This is a class project for the course CS 3773 Software Engineering in the term FALL 2023 at University of Texas at San Antonio (UTSA).

**Instructor:**<br />
Ali Dogru, Ph.D. (github_username) <br />

**Team Name:** <br />
Team 9: Operation B2B 

**Team Members:** <br />
Kip Roberts-Lemus ([kip-is-tired](https://github.com/kip-is-tired)) (Product Owner) <br />
Bernardo Vazquez De La Cruz ([Ber-Vazq](https://github.com/Ber-Vazq)) (Scrum Master) <br />
Andrea Mendez ([andreasroses](https://github.com/andreasroses))<br />
Daniel Hwang ([nielmin](https://github.com/nielmin)) <br />
Joe Louie Corporal ([joelouie222](https://github.com/joelouie222)) <br />

### Description <br />
Back 2 Books is an retro/Y2K-style online shopping site that enables users to buy or sell books. This is our class project, and hopefully a strong point in the 
resume of all of our members. This project will allow us to show a mastery of HTML, CSS, Go, JavaScript, as well as database management.

### Project Features
* Database driven
* Create/Modify User Information
    - Allow users to register for accounts
* Create/Modify Items for Sale
    - Must include images
    - Must include price
    - Must include quantity available
    - Must allow ability to add new items
* Create/Modify Shopping Cart
    - Must show items in cart
    - Must calculate taxes: assume 8.25% tax rate
    - Must allow for discount codes
    - Must show summary of order and allow for order to be placed
* Ability to search based on criteria:
    - Item/Description
    - Sort by Price
    - Sort by Availability
* Administrative back end
    - Allow to modify all items
    - Allow for creation of discount codes
    - Allow for creation of sales items
    - Allow to modify users
    - Show currently placed orders
    - Show history of orders
        1. Sort by order date
        2. Sort by customer
        3. Sort by order size in dollar amount
* Intuitive UI/UX
* A web application (bonus)

#### Development tools:
- [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/)
- [GitHub](https://github.com/)
- Dev Tool
- Dev Tool

#### Design tools:
- [Lucid](https://lucid.app/)
- [Figma](https://www.figma.com/)
- Design Tool
  
#### Project Management tools
- [Trello](https://trello.com/)
- Proj Tools
- Proj Tools


### [Links or Images for Back2Books UML Design]
[Lucid Chart UML Design](https://lucid.app/lucidchart/invitations/accept/inv_5f1aa998-0f6d-45c3-b788-fbce3e6d0cd3)

### [Links or Images for Back2Books Website Wireframe]
[Google Drive - Wireframe](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1vGtIzw8nxCOGdjlfECfqK5tEcCy9Dy1C) </br>
[Figma Wireframe](https://www.figma.com/file/3CZV9JxNnTz4GMnEIf0u3d/Back2Books-Wireframe?type=design&node-id=0%3A1&mode=design&t=ZYBhj8Wr3YwOL20S-1)
